Instructions for using the files are described here.

Data for the model are entered and read-out from the "Input-Output Sheet":

Input Values for Original Flows Intersection - section for entering desired data:
   In this section, user might set the problem with positioning the original flows,
   choosing the intersection angle between them, choose the buffer coefficient,
   and enter desired value for the Convective Weather Cell.	
1. In the cell B2 you can enter desired CWC radius (taking in account 20 NM Safety Buffer).
2. In the cells B3 and B4 you can set the position of the Flow 1 and Flow 2.
   Position depends on the value set for "n" from equation y=kx+n.
   Therefore, Flows could be set to penetrate through the CWC area,
   or they could be set to be outside of the CWC area.
3. Intersection angle between the flows is selected from drop down menu in cell B5.
   Depending on the opened Excel file, angles could be between 1-89 or 90-179 degrees.
4. Buffer coefficient is selected from the drop down menu in the cell B6 (B could be 1, 5, 10, or 20).

Output Values for Original Flows Intersection - section for read-out only:
   In this section user could see what are the general information of the set problem from above.
1. In the cell B8 you can read-out the CZ radius 
   for original flows intersection angle (not drawn in figures).
2. In the cell B9 there is information regarding θopt for the selected buffer coeff.
3. In the cell B10 there is information regarding CZ radius for θopt.
4. In the cell B13 you can check whether θopt and CZopt could provide feasible solution to the problem.
   If there is "FlowsOfCZoptNotIntersectW.C.", then solution is feasible for θopt and CZopt.
   If there is "MoveCZoptFurtherFromW.C.", then solution is infeasible, 
   so other angles of intersection should be examined.
5. In the cell B14 there is information on which sheet the problem is correctly presented.
   The problem could be presented in one of four sheets available:
   θopt tune case I, θopt tune case II, θopt tune case III, θopt tune case IV.

Input Values for Relocated Flows Intersection - section for entering desired data:
   In this section user is setting angle of intersection and buffer coefficient 
   for the relocated flows that are displaced in order to provide circumvention of the CWC.
1. In the cell B16 you can select desired NEW angle of intersection,
   which is agnle of relocated flow (DO NOT MIX THIS WITH INTERSECTION OF ORIGINAL FLOW FROM THE ABOVE).
2. In the cell B17 you can select desired buffer coefficient for intersection of relocated flows.

Output Values for Relocated Flows Intersection - section for read-out only:
   In this section user could see what are the general information of the relocated flows intersection.
1. In the cell B19 there is infromation whether selected angle 
   for relocated flows provides feasible solution.
   If there is "FlowsOfCZoptNotIntersectW.C.", then solution is feasible for θnew and CZnew.
   If there is "MoveCZoptFurtherFromW.C.", then solution is infeasible,
   so other angles of intersection should be examined.
2. In the cells B21 and B22 there are information regarding CZnew area [Nm²] and CZopt area [Nm²]
3. Information from the cell B23 shows how larger is CZnew are compared to CZopt area.
 	
Protected sheets have password 12345
